---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP]VSMM05\t\t"
slug: cfpvsmm05
id: 2230
date: '2005-06-27 02:03:07'
layout: post
categories:
  - '[Re]virtual reality'
---

<div>

<div>去年まで岐阜で開催されていたVSMMですが、今年からついに海外ベルギーで開催することになったようです。</div>

<div>

<div>

<div>MeTo-VR</div>

<div>[http://wise.vub.ac.be/metovr/](http://wise.vub.ac.be/metovr/)</div>

<div>VSMM2005</div>

<div>[http://belgium.vsmm.org/pages/welcome.html](http://belgium.vsmm.org/pages/welcome.html)</div>

<div>

<div>-----</div>

<div>Workshop for the 11th International Conference on Virtual Systems and Multimedia</div>

</div>

</div>

</div>

<div>Call for papers   Workshop on Methods and Tools for Designing VR applications (MeTo-VR)   BACKGROUND</div>

<div>Nowadays, the design and development of a Virtual Reality application still requires considerable knowledge of VR technology. Although there are a number of tools to help the designer in the creation of his VR application, they are not non-VR expert friendly. For this reason, the design and development of a VR application is usually done by a VR expert. For most VR designs, the VR expert will first consult the client and/or the domain expert to become familiar with the concepts of the domain which are required for developing a VR application fulfilling the client's expectations. In such an approach, the translation of the client's requirements is done solely by the VR expert while the cooperation with the client and domain expert is limited. Problems may arise when the VR expert is not familiar with the domain. Then, the VR expert may lose a lot of time to get acquainted with the domain. The first prototype of the VR application often presents many shortcomings and usually does not match all the requirements of the client.  As a consequence, several iterations will be needed before the result reaches an acceptable level of satisfaction for both the client and the end-users. Therefore, the development process is time consuming and expensive. The development time (and therefore the cost) can be reduced by involving the client and the domain expert more closely to the design process. To enable this, designing a VR application needs to be more intuitive and domain-oriented, i.e. it must be possible to express the design of a VR application in an intuitive way using domain terminology and high-level modeling concepts. This will enhance the communication between the domain expert and the VR expert and allow a closer cooperation. Furthermore the development of new open 3D standards file formats like X3D, makes VR becoming more accessible to a larger audience which will not necessarily be VR experts and yet want to be able to develop their own VR applications. This is another reason why the design of a VR application should become more intuitive and general.   In conclusion, we can state that in order to make the development of a VR application more accessible to non-VR experts and to reduce the time and cost of the development in general, there is a real need for methodologies and tools which will facilitate the design of a VR application. This Workshop aims at addressing these issues. It will be held in conjunction with the VSMM2005. The working language of the workshop will be English.    OBJECTIVES In this workshop, we are particularly interested in methods and tools which facilitate the design of a VR application and which make this process more accessible for non-VR experts. Therefore, we are inviting research papers in this context.   The aim of the workshop is to provide a platform for bringing together researchers, practitioners and designers of VR applications to enable a productive exchange of ideas about the state of the art on designing VR applications.   TOPICS   Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: * Conceptual and high-level specification techniques for designing VR applications or aspects of VR applications      * Methodologies for designing VR applications * Graphical notations for designing VR applications (behaviors, interaction, complex objects, ...) * Tool support for intuitive and domain oriented VR design * Explicit use of domain knowledge in the design of VR applications * The use of annotation in VR applications * The use of ontologies and semantics in VR application design * The use of text recognition to simplify the design of VR applications * Application of Artificial Intelligence techniques for a more intuitive design of VR applications</div>

<div>WORKSHOP ORGANISERS Frederic Kleinermann ([Frederic.Kleinermann@vub.ac.be](mailto:Frederic.Kleinermann@vub.ac.be) ), Olga De Troyer ([Olga.DeTroyer@vub.ac.be](mailto:Olga.DeTroyer@vub.ac.be"Olga.DeTroyer@vub.ac.be) ), Bram Pellens([Bram.Pellens@vub.ac.be](mailto:Bram.Pellens@vub.ac.be"Bram.Pellens@vub.ac.be) ),   Wesley Bille([Wesley.Bille@vub.ac.be](mailto:Wesley.Bille@vub.ac.be"Wesley.Bille@vub.ac.be) )   Address WISE Laboratory Department of Computer Science Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Belgium Pleinlaan 2 1050 Brussel Belgium Email: [Frederic.Kleinermann@wise.vub.ac.be](mailto:Frederic.Kleinermann@wise.vub.ac.be"Frederic.Kleinermann@wise.vub.ac.be)   PROGRAM COMMITTEE o Jounghyun Gerard Kim, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH), Korea o Nadia Thalmann, MIRAlab, University of Geneva, Switzerland o Prasad Wimalaratne, School of Computing, University of Colombo, Sri lanka o Carlos Delgado Mata, CINAVI (Centre for Research on Intelligent Virtual Environments) Engineering School Bonaterra University, Mexico o Marc Cavazza, School of Computing, University of Teeside, UK o Chris Raymaekers, Expertise Centre for Digital Media (EDM), Belgium o Maria Roussou, Virtual Environments and Computer Graphics Lab, Department of Computer Science, University College London, UK o Olga De Troyer, Web & Information System Engineering Lab, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Belgium o Frederic Kleinermann, Web & Information System Engineering Lab, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Belgium</div>

<div>IMPORTANT DATES Paper submission: 24th of July, 2005 Notification of acceptance: 24th of August, 2005 Camera ready electronic paper: 9th of September, 2005 VSMM'05 : October 2-7, 2005   SUBMISSION GUIDELINES Papers should describe original and unpublished work about the above or closely related topics. Papers should not exceed 10 pages single spaced in length including images, figures, tables and references. The paper should also include the title of the paper, authors names, affiliations, postal addresses, e-mail addresses and the contact person for the paper. Authors should submit their manuscript electronically as a PDF file conform the paper template, which you can download here in Word format. The paper should be submitted to HYPERLINK [frederic.kleinermann@vub.ac.be](mailto:frederic.kleinermann@vub.ac.be"frederic.kleinermann@vub.ac.be) .</div>

<div>ANNOUNCEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS Negotiations are currently conducted to publish accepted workshop contributions.</div>

</div>