---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP]PCM2005\t\t"
slug: cfppcm2005
id: 2455
date: '2005-09-14 03:15:10'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

去年幕張で開催されたPCM2005(Pacific-Rim Conference on Multimedia)ですが、今年は韓国のJeju島(観光地らしい、Seoulから飛行機で1時間)で11月13-16日に開催されるらしいです。

ちなみに去年は私もワークショップに参加したのでLNCSから書籍として出版されています。 ちなみにもう投稿は締め切っているので、早期参加登録9/20まで、というお知らせのようです…がやたらとWebの出来が良いです、しかもDMもすごい凝ってる(というかSPAM扱いされそうな技術てんこ盛りです)。

[http://www.pcm2005.org/](http://www.pcm2005.org/)

The 2005 Pacific-Rim Conference on Multimedia (PCM 2005) is the sixth annual conference on cutting-edge multimedia technologies and will be held in Jeju Island, Korea, from November 13 (Sunday), 2005 to November 16 (Wednesday), 2005\. Jeju Island is one of the most famous and beautiful tourist resorts in Korea, which is only an hour’s flight from Seoul. Jeju Island has a mild oceanic climate throughout the year with the smallest annual temperature range in the country. The conference complements this wonderful setting by providing a forum to presenting and exploring technological and artistic advancements in multimedia. Technical issues, theory and practice, artistic and consumer innovations will bring together researchers, artists, developers, educators, performers, and practitioners of multimedia from Pacific-Rim and the world. Present your work at PCM 2005 and define the future of multimedia. The technical program will feature keynote addresses, tutorials, special sessions, panels, technical demonstrations, in addition to technical presentations of refereed papers. We cordially invite you to submit your paper, 8~12 pages in the single-column LNCS format, in one or more of, but not limited to, the following four areas:     Multimedia processing and retrieval, including multimedia data analysis, signal modeling and representation, multi-modal data processing, multimedia coding and compression, multimedia content description and indexing, content-based information retrieval;     Multimedia system support and networking, including media streaming, multimedia content distribution, wireless multimedia, content-aware multimedia communications, peer-to-peer data streaming, Internet protocols, multimedia services, operating systems, middleware and QoS;     Multimedia security, digital watermarking and fingerprinting, multimedia data authentication, digital right management, conditional access and IC card systems, biometric systems;     Multimedia tools, end-systems and applications, including user interfaces, multi-modal interaction and integration, distributed collaboration, multimedia authoring, mobile multimedia, multimedia in e-learning, digital entertainments, personal media, networked appliances, wearable computing, ubiquitous multimedia, entertainment computing, virtual environments, realistic and intelligent broadcasting systems.