---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP] Learning with Games\t\t"
slug: cfp-learning-with-games
id: 3260
date: '2007-05-28 05:13:08'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

面白そうな学会、かつフランス開催なんだけど、締切が近すぎるのとCyberGamesと近すぎるのが痛い。 誰か参加しませんか？ 締切が近いけど、延長されるに一票。 ちなみにSophia Antipolisって、イタリアとカンヌに近い南仏。 ------ I would like to invite you to submit your contribution. I would like to draw your attention to the fact that selected papers will be published on International Journals. Kind regards, Marco Taisch We invite you to participate in the “Learning with Games” Conference, 24th -- 26th September 2007 Sophia Antipolis, France *** Conference website *** www.lg2007.org Sponsors: European Commission - DG Information Society and Media PRIME EU Project PROLIX EU Project LABORANOVA EU Project IPROMS IFIP Imaginary Angils *** Call for Papers *** “Learning with Games” seeks original, high-quality research papers and demos in all areas related to serious games, pervasive games and business games, including social sciences, methodologies and artwork. Papers should describe results that contribute to advancements to the state-of-the-art of Serious and Business Games. Parallel sessions are foreseen for the presentation of scientific/technical papers as well as the experience in using games for post graduate and executive education purpose, especially in Business Schools. The global gaming community is invited to exploit the conference to disseminate and share its experience. A selection of the presented papers will be published on a special issue of the Int. J. of Production Planning & Control and on the Int. J. of Computer Games Technology. Authors are invited to submit an extended abstracts via the web site; these must be at least 1500-word long and must be submitted in .doc format. *** Invitation to Exhibit *** We invite companies, government organizations, and academic institutions to showcase serious games along with all related technologies and services -- hardware, software, integrated systems, innovations, literature or anything else of interest to our conference participants. Posters and research demos will also be located near the exhibits. During the three days of the Forum space and facilities for poster sessions and exhibitions will be made available to participants. *** Topics of interest: *** Topics of interest to “Learning with Games” are, but not restricted to: ? Serious Games ? Pervasive Games ? Business Games ? Game design ? Digital storytelling ? Non player characters ? Artificial intelligence ? Game programming ? Game rendering ? Audio programming ? Visual content creation ? Music composition ? Game production ? Alternate and mixed reality ? Gamer communities ? Simulation ? Executive learning and teaching ? Game physics ? User interfaces ? Online games and networking ? Mobile games and ubiquity ? Agile development ? Case studies ? User studies and evaluation ? Game critical analysis ? Legal, societal and political impact ? Intellectual property rights ? Distribution models ? Learning Evaluation *** Important Dates *** Submission of Extended Abstracts for Technical Papers May 31st 2007 Notification of Acceptance June 30th 2007 Submission of Full Papers July 31st 2007 LG 2007 24 September 2007 *** Accommodation and Registration: *** The registration fee is Early bird Registration Fee 500EUR Registration Fee 550EUR On site registration 650EUR The venue is the: Grand Hotel Mercure Sophia Country Club **** Located between Nice and Antibes, 15 minutes from Cannes in the Sophia Antipolis park science. Hotel is built in a 12 hectare landscaped garden and has two swimming pools, twenty tennis courts, golf course, sauna, gym, bar and deluxe brasserie. *** Conference Organization: *** Conference Chairs * Marco Garetti, MIP - Business School of Politecnico di Milano, Italy * Marco Taisch, MIP - Business School of Politecnico di Milano, Italy * Asbjorn Rolstadas, SINTEF, Norway * Alvaro de Oliveira, AlfaMicro Ltd., Portugal * Lucia Pannese, imaginary, Italy Program Committee * Bjorn Andersen, SINTEF, Norway * Jacopo Cassina, MIP - Business School of Politecnico di Milano, Italy * Carsten Magerkurth, SAP, Switzerland * Max Mo"ller, Danish University of Education, Denmark * Manuel Oliveira, AlfaMicro Ltd., Portugal Local Organising Committee * Jacopo Cassina, MIP - Business School of Politecnico di Milano, Italy * Marco Gerosa, MIP - Business School of Politecnico di Milano, Italy * Sergio Terzi, University of Bergamo, Italy * Marco Taisch, MIP - Business School of Politecnico di Milano, Italy * Chiara Zigliani, Consorzio Politecnico Innovazione, Italy International Scientific Committee * Maria Anastasiou, Intracom, Greece * Slavko Dolinsek, University of Primorska, Slovenia * Heiko Duin, BIBA, Germany * Elhanan Gazit, DiGRA ISRAEL Chapter, Holon Institute of Technology, Israel * Poul Kyvsgaard Hansen, Aalborg University, Denmark * Dimitris Kiritsis, EPFL, Switzerland * Paul Lefrere, The Open University, United Kingdom * Julien Etienne Mascolo, CRF, Italy * Jari Multisilta, Tampere University of Technology, Finland * Anton Nijholt, University of Twente, The Netherlands * Roumen Nikolov, Sofia University, Bulgaria * Martine Parry, Angils, United Kingdom * Edmond Prakash, Manchester Metropolitan University, United Kingdom * Jens Riis, University of Aalborg, Denmark * Ute Ritterfeld, University of Southern California, USA * Petko Rouskov, Sofia University, Bulgaria * Angela Sasse, University College of London, United Kingdom * Leonie Schaefer, European Commission - DG IST * William Seager, University College of London, United Kingdom * Ritta Smeds, Helsinki University of Technology * Mattias Svahn, SICS, Sweden * Ingrid Spjelkavik, SINTEF, Norway * Klaus D. Thoben, BIBA, Germany * Josef Withalm, Siemens, Austria “Learning with Games” 24th -- 26th September 2007 Sophia Antipolis, France www.lg2007.org