---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP]2007年下半期CFP特集(2)\t\t"
slug: cfp2007%e5%b9%b4%e4%b8%8b%e5%8d%8a%e6%9c%9fcfp%e7%89%b9%e9%9b%862
id: 3350
date: '2007-09-01 00:58:38'
layout: post
categories:
  - CFP
tags:
  - CFP
  - INTETAIN
  - SIGCHI
---

Blogの1エントリーあたりの文字数制限に引っかかったのでpart2です。

[part1はこちら](http://ameblo.jp/akihiko/entry-10045443413.html)

■「INTETAIN：インタラクティブエンタテイメントのための知能技術国際会議」メキシコ2008年1月。締め切り2007年9月7日。

INTETAIN 2008 CALL FOR PAPERS

2nd International Conference on INtelligent TEchnologies for interactive enterTAINment held in cooperation with ACM SIGCHI [http://intetain.org](http://intetain.org/)

Playa del Carmen, Cancun, Mexico January 8-10, 2008

Important Deadlines =================== * Paper Submission Deadline: September 7, 2007 (00:00 CET) * Notification of Acceptance: October 15, 2007 * Camera-ready Paper Deadline: November 12, 2007

* Late-Breaking Results and Demo Deadline: October 22, 2007 (00:00 CET) * Notification of Acceptance: November 5, 2007

* Workshop Proposal Submission Deadline: August 14, 2007 (00:00 CET) * Workshop Proposal Notification: August 21, 2007

Topics of Interest ================== INTETAIN 2008, held in cooperation with ACM SIGCHI, aims to stimulate interaction among academic researchers and commercial developers of interactive entertainment systems. In addition to paper presentations, posters, and demos, the conference will foster discussions through workshops and special events.

INTETAIN 2008 focuses on the development of novel user-centered intelligent computational technologies and interactive applications for entertainment, being made possible through the use of a wide range of interactive device technologies (e.g., mobile and wearable devices, home entertainment centers, haptic devices, wall screen displays, information kiosks, holographic displays, fog screens, distributed smart sensors, and immersive displays) and media delivery infrastructures (e.g., multimedia networks, interactive radio, streaming technologies, DVB-T/M, ITV, P2P, satellite broadcasting, UMTS, Bluetooth, Broadband, and VoIP).

We seek exciting and innovative work in areas including, but not limited to: Intelligent Computational Technologies for Entertainment * Adaptive Media Presentations * Recommendation Systems in Media * Scalable Crossmedia * Affective User Interfaces * Novel Interaction Technologies * Intelligent Speech and Multimedia Interfaces * Telepresence in Entertainment * Collaborative User Models and Group Behavior * Collaborative and Virtual Environments * Cross-Domain User Models * Animation and Virtual Characters * Novel Displays and Devices * Augmented, Virtual, and Mixed Reality * Computer Graphics and Multimedia * Pervasive Multimedia and Gaming * Creative Language Environments * Computational Humor

Interactive Applications for Entertainment * Intelligent Interactive Games * Intelligent Music Systems * Interactive Cinema * Edutainment * Interactive Art * Museum Guides * City Guides and Tourism Assistants * Shopping Assistants * Interactive Social Networks * Interactive Story Telling * Personal Diaries, Websites, and Blogs * Applications for Special Populations (Handicapped, Children, Elderly)

Information for Authors ======================= Paper Submission INTETAIN 2008 accepts three types of paper submissions: * Full Papers (from 6-10 pages) * Late Breaking Results (up to 4 pages) * Demos (up to 4 pages)

All submissions must follow the ACM two-column conference style format including figures and references. Links to templates will be available from the conference website. Authors are requested to submit their PDF manuscripts electronically by following the instructions at the conference home page: [http://www.intetain.org/](http://www.intetain.org/). Supporting videos can also be submitted. Full papers will be included in the ACM Digital Library.

Workshop Proposals Proposals are solicited for Workshops as part of the events associated with INTETAIN 2008\. In addition to the interest areas listed above, workshops may address other topics in entertainment technology and applications. Please see the Call for Workshop Proposals for more information.

Publication Submissions should describe original research that has not been previously published or accepted for publication, and is not under consideration for publication at another conference or journal. Accepted papers will be presented at the conference as oral or poster presentations.

Organizing Committee ==================== General Chair: - Steven Feiner, Columbia University , USA Steering Committee: - Imrich Chlamtac, CREATE-NET, Trento, Italy - Oscar Mayora-Ibarra, CREATE-NET, Trento, Italy Program Chairs: - Jim Rehg, Georgia Tech, USA - Antonio Krüger, University of Muenster, Germany Local Chair: - Isaac Rudomin, Tec de Monterrey, Mexico Publicity Chair: - Sean White, Columbia University, USA Publication Chair: - Hrvoje Benko, Microsoft Research, USA Financial Management: - Zsuzsa Lanyi-Kaszab, ICST Webmaster: - Ana Hilda Morales Aranda, CREATE-NET, Trento, Italy

Program Committee ================= Elisabeth Andre     Augsburg University, Germany Liliana Ardissono     University of Torino, Italy Lora Aroyo         Free University of Amsterdam, The Netherlands Steffi Beckhaus     University of Hamburg, Germany Hrvoje Benko         Microsoft Research, USA Mark Billinghurst     HIT Lab, New Zealand Kim Binsted         University of Hawaii, USA Christopher Bregler     New York University, USA Shay Bushinsky         University of Haifa, Israel Andreas Butz         University of Munich, Germany Tat-Jen Cham         Nanyang Technological University, Singapore Adrian Cheok         University of Singapure, Singapure Keith Cheverst         University of Lancaster, UK Maria Cutumisu         University of Alberta, Canada Drew Davidson         CMU, USA Amnon Dekel         University of Jerusalem, Israel Alois Ferscha         University of Linz, Austria Matthew Flagg         Georgia Tech, USA Helmut Hlavacs         University of Vienna, Austria Elaine Huang         University of Aachen, Germany Markus Löckelt         DFKI Saarbrücken, Germany Carsten Magerkurth     IPSI Fraunhofer, Germany Maic Masuch         University of Magdeburg, Germany Oscar Mayora-Ibarra     Create-Net Research Consortium, Italy Anton Nijholt         University of Twente, Holland Partick Olivier     Univiersity of Newcastle, UK Paolo Petta         Medical University of Vienna, Austria Dennis Reidsma         University of Twente, Holland Mark Riedl         Institute for Creative Technologies, USC, USA Isaac Rudomin         Monterrey Institute of Technology, Mexico Ulrike Spierling     FH/University of Applied Sciences, Germany Bill Swartout         Institute for Creative Technologies, USC, USA Woontack Woo         Gwangju Inst. of Science and Technology, Korea

------

■最後はフィンランド、ノキアから「第11回ユビメディアMindTrek賞」の公募。 [http://www.mindtrek.org/kilpailu/ubimedia_en](http://www.mindtrek.org/kilpailu/ubimedia_en) [http://www.mindtrek.org/kilpailu/kilpailu_en](http://www.mindtrek.org/kilpailu/kilpailu_en) 賞金がすごいです。

Call to participate in the Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek Awards Competition MindTrek Conference October 3-4, 2007 | Tampere, Finland

[http://www.mindtrek.org](http://www.mindtrek.org/)

The Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek Awards is an international competition arranged by MindTrek, Nokia and Tampere Region Centre of Expertise in Ubiquitous Computing, and the NAMU research group.

The purpose of the competition is to encourage makers of digital media to generate ideas and develop new and innovative ubimedia products & services. The entries are expected to take a stand on the following questions, for example:

    * How does ubiquitous computing affect media environments?     * What are intelligent media environments like?     * What will the location- and context-aware media services of the future be like?

A few other examples are:

•              Pervasive and ubiquitous games

•              Ambient installations

•              Artistic works related to ubiquitous media and computation

•              Business models

•              Ambient and ubiquitous media technology

•              Ubiquitous and ambient media services, devices, and environments

•              Context aware, sensing, and interfaces for ubiquitous computation

•              Ergonomics, human-computer interaction designs, and product prototypes

•              Software, hardware and middleware framework demonstrations

•              Ambient television

•              etc.

The total award sum for the Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek competition category is 7 000€. The sum can be awarded to one entry, divided between several entries or not awarded at all if the award criteria set by the jury are not fulfilled.

All ubimedia, ubiquitous, pervasive, or ambient products or product and service concepts which have been finalized during the previous year, i.e. 11.9.2006-10.9.2007, are eligible to take part in the competition. How to participate?

Please check out the website [http://www.mindtrek.org/kilpailu/ubimedia_en](http://www.mindtrek.org/kilpailu/ubimedia_en) for entry forms and actual information.

In case of questions, please contact:

Dr. Artur Lugmayr, [artur.lugmayr@tut.fi](mailto:artur.lugmayr@tut.fi), Tel.: +358 40 821 0558, Skype: lartur Rules of the Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek Awards       1\. The purpose of the competition

The purpose of the competition category is to encourage makers of digital media to generate ideas and develop new and innovative ubimedia products & services. The entries are expected to take a stand on the following questions, for example:

    * How does ubiquitous computing affect media environments?     * What are intelligent media environments like?     * What will the location- and context-aware media services of the future be like?

2\. Organizers

The Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek competition is a category of the 2007 MindTrek competition. The category is organized collaboratively by MindTrek, Tampere Region Centre of Expertise in Ubiquitous Computing, New AMbient MUltimedia Group (NAMU)/TUT and Nokia. The award is funded by Tampere Region Centre of Expertise in Ubiquitous Computing. 3\. Products qualifying for participation

All Ubimedia products or product and service concepts which have been finalized during the previous year, i.e. 11.9.2006-10.9.2007, are eligible to take part in the competition.

An example of a suitable competition entry is a finished product, product pilot or demo. No drafts or mere ideas without relevant documentation will be accepted.

The competition rules do not place limitations on the technology used in the products.

In addition to the application or demo, a short English-language description of the concept should be attached to the competition entry. A presentation template for compiling such a description is available on the MindTrek website (downloadable: MS PowerPoint / OpenDocument odp )

The description should present the key characteristics and benefits of the product or service in a concise and marketing-oriented manner. A short English-language description in text format can also be attached to the entry (1-3 pages).

The jury has the right to reject the participation of an entry if it does not fulfil the participation criteria. All jury decisions are final. 4\. Participation

Registration for the competition ends on 10.9.2007 at 16:00.

If the competition entry is delivered to MindTrek via mail, it must arrive at the MindTrek Association’s office in three (3) copies no later than 10.9.2007 at 16:00\. If the competition entry is implemented on the internet, its web address must be submitted to MindTrek when registering within the deadline. Late entries will not be accepted.

In addition to submitting the competition entry, participation requires registration using the registration form at the MindTrek website.

All submissions must be in English.

Originals sent to the competition will not be returned, so you should keep a copy for your own use. Post and packaging costs are the responsibility of the entrant. 5\. Award

The total award sum for the Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek competition category is EUR 7,000\. The sum can be awarded to one entry, divided between several entries or not awarded at all if the award criteria set by the jury are not fulfilled. 6\. Immaterial property rights

The immaterial property rights related to the competition works remain the property of the competitors. The entrants are responsible for ensuring that they have full copyrights to their competition entries and the right to use the works and their elements when participating in the competition.

The material submitted to the award programme remains the property of the author and may not be modified, changed in any way or used in whole or in part for the production of any other work. 7\. Evaluation of the entries and the jury

The participating works will be evaluated in the following areas:

- Innovativeness

- Commercial potential

- Entertainment value and/or usefulness and/or artistic merit and creative implementation

- The usability of interactive and context-aware functions and functions utilizing ubiquitous computing in some other manner

- Feasibility (in terms of technology and production)

- Visual implementation and technical functionality

Nokia, Tampere Region Centre of Expertise in Ubiquitous Computing and MindTrek will jointly assemble the jury for this competition category. The jury will comprise at least one member from Nokia, one member from MindTrek and one member from Tampere Region Centre of Expertise in Ubiquitous Computing, and have a minimum of four members in all. In addition to the actual jury, MindTrek’s preliminary jury will take part in the evaluation if required, by carrying out a preliminary elimination.

  8\. Reference rights

MindTrek has the right to use the competition entries and a mention of the entrants as references in its marketing communications.

MindTrek, Nokia and Tampere Region Centre of Expertise in Ubiquitous Computing have the right to disseminate information about the competition arrangements, competition entries, the awarding of the winners and other details related to the competition in their marketing and advertising, e.g. on the web and in brochures and newsletters.

The submitted works may be used by MindTrek without any restrictions or written permission in all presentations, TV broadcasting, CD/DVD productions, CD/DVD compilations and advertisements (internet, CD-ROM, TV, print).

MindTrek has the unlimited right to use the submitted material for distribution on DVDs and other media, especially the right to distribute the video material to labels and broadcasting companies. 9\. Announcement of the results and presentation of the awards

The results of the competition category will be announced and the awards presented at the MindTrek Awards Party arranged in connection with the MindTrek Conference in Tampere, Finland, on 3.10.2007.

Award nominees will be notified in advance. The presence of the nominees at the MindTrek event in October is strongly recommended.

  10\. Compensation of the finalists’ travel and other expenses

MindTrek will pay travel costs up to the sum of EUR 800 per team for a maximum of three invited finalists/teams flying from abroad in economy class. Any Finnish entrants among the finalists will not receive compensation for their travel costs. However, MindTrek will pay for one conference ticket (includes entrance to the MindTrek Awards Party) and one entrance ticket to the MindTrek Awards Party per team for Finnish finalists. MindTrek will not pay compensation for any other possible costs incurred by the entrants due to their participation in the competition. About the MindTrek Conference Conference Venue

MindTrek takes place at Hotel Scandic Rosendahl, in Tampere, Finland. The organizer of the conference has booked quota for the conference delegates from this hotel. Please, look for more information on accommodation and registration later from our website. Please note that the accommodation is not included in the participation fee. There is also other accommodation available in Tampere, ranging from modern firstclass hotels to smaller traditional hotels and dormitories. If you select one of these options, you should make the reservations by yourself with that specific hotel. Activities

The stream is open to all conference participants to join. Every participant with the accepted abstract will have their own presentation slot. On Wednesday evening, MindTrek Award Party (invitation included to the conference fee) motivates further discussions and networking. On Thursday, the stream continues with fabus which means open participatory group work. Participants and volunteer fabu coordinators will create together the program for these unconferencing sessions of the second day. Further Information

Nokia Ubimedia MindTrek Awards Competition

Artur Lugmayr, Tel. +358 40 821 0558, skype: lartur, [artur.lugmayr@tut.fi](mailto:artur.lugmayr@tut.fi) MindTrek Conference

Jukka Matikainen, +358 (0)40 5336 379, [jukka.matikainen@mindtrek.org](mailto:jukka.matikainen@mindtrek.org) [www.mindtrek.org](http://www.mindtrek.org/)