---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CfP] NIME 2008 @ Genova Itarly\t\t"
slug: cfp-nime-2008-genova-itarly-2
id: 3517
date: '2008-04-12 20:49:56'
layout: post
categories:
  - 随筆
---

NIME 2008 8th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON NEW INTERFACES FOR MUSICAL EXPRESSION http://nime2008.casapaganini.org/ June 5 - 7, 2008 InfoMus Lab, Casa Paganini, University of Genova, Piazza Santa Maria in Passione 34, 16123 Genova, Italy, www.casapaganini.org =================================================================== Online registration for NIME08 is now open. Please go to http://nime2008.casapaganini.org/ to register for this year's conference. Early registration closes on April 30, after which, late registration fees will apply. This year NIME will include: June 4, 2008 * 4th i-Maestro Workshop on Technology-Enhanced Music Education, Chiostro S. Maria di Castello, h. 9.00-17.00 * Opening concert, Casa Paganini, h. 18.00 Four pieces for EyesWeb and live electronics June 5 - 7, 2008 * Invited lectures by Andrew Gerzso (IRCAM) and Xavier Serra (UPF) * Paper sessions, Casa Paganini, h. 9.00-17.00 * Poster sessions, Chiostro S. Maria di Castello, h. 9.00-17.00 * Interactive installations, Museo di arte contemporanea di Villa Croce, h. 9.00-17.00 * Interactive installations, Faculty of Arts and Philosophy, Univ. of Genova, h. 9.00-17.00 * Demo sessions, Casa della Musica, h. 13.00-16.00 * Three NIME concerts, Conservatorio Niccolo` Paganini, h. 18.00 * Club NIME performances, Mentelocale, Garibaldi Cafe', Zerodieci, h. 21.00-24.00 June 8, 2008 * Jamoma Workshop * Tablet Workshop for Performers and Teachers Casa Paganini and Chiostro S.Maria di Castello, h. 9.00-17.00 For more details please visit http://nime2008.casapaganini.org =================================================================== Connected event: the SMC Summer School on June 9 - 11, 2008 =================================================================== This year the 4th Sound and Music Computing (SMC) Summer School is held in connection with NIME08 on June 9 - 11, 2008\. The school has the goal of promoting interdisciplinary education and research in the field of Sound and Music Computing and is aimed at graduate students working on their Master or PhD thesis, but it is open to any person carrying out research in this field. The program of the school include plenary lectures, poster sessions, and hands-on activities. The topics chosen for this year are Gesture and Music - Embodied Music Cognition, Mobile Music Systems, and Active Music Listening. Registration to the school includes free access to NIME workshops. For more information please visit http://www.smcnetwork.org/summerschool/genova2008