---
author: twitter-blogger
title: "\n\t\t\t\tCFT: The Technische Universiteit Eindhoven\t\t"
slug: cft-the-technische-universiteit-eindhoven
id: 1432
date: '2005-11-22 00:02:00'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

Call For Teachers  

<div>---  
The Technische Universiteit Eindhoven (TU/e) has the following vacancy PhD position on QUASID: Quantitative Spatial Interaction Design (V51.015)</div>

<div>at the User-Centered Engineering group, Department of Industrial Design.</div>

<div>The TU/e department of Industrial Design applies a unique, innovative  
education model of competence-based learning, in which a professional  
design environment is simulated. Apart from the central focus on design,  
various areas of technology are an integral part of the curriculum.  
These areas are: mechanical engineering, electrical engineering,  
computer science, technology management and user-centred engineering.  
Man as user is the starting point for any design activities. Our  
Bachelor programme started in September 2001\. Industrial Design is  
building a research programme focused on the relationship between users  
on the one hand and future intelligent products, systems and services on  
the other. The main fields of research are 'Designed Intelligence' and  
'User Centred Engineering'. In short, TU/e Industrial Design department  
distinguishes itself through its unique education model, ambitious  
research goals and an excellent working environment and atmosphere.</div>

<div>The research in the User-Centered Engineering group focuses on advanced  
interaction concepts and user-centered design methodology. It takes a  
constructive approach ("research through design"). The aim is to develop  
interfaces that support natural interaction, both in the context of  
single-user single-system interaction and multi-user multi-system  
interaction and their cross-combinations. Main research questions are  
what constitutes natural interaction and how it can be realized. Topics  
that are addressed are multimodal interaction, perceptive interfaces and  
aware environments. The research focuses both on developing new  
interaction concepts and implementing them in prototypes, as well as the  
connected design and evaluation methodology.</div>

<div>The project: QUASID: Quantitative Spatial Interaction Design - Tasks  
and Metrics for Spatial Interaction</div>

<div>Although the experimental validation of spatial interaction techniques  
is gaining interest internationally, many virtual reality researchers  
still consider it an 'art' rather than a 'science'. In the design cycle  
of spatial interaction techniques, which contains phases of concept  
formulation, implementation and evaluation, the evaluation part is most  
often addressed in a qualitative way, rather than being based on firm  
quantitative evidence. In those cases where evaluation of spatial  
interaction techniques is performed, the experimental set-up is usually  
derived from ad-hoc assumptions about the relevance of the task, the  
environment and other conditions that have an effect on the outcome.  
This Ph.D. project is part of a multi-disciplinary project, called  
QUASID, that consists of three related Ph.D. (sub)projects. The overall  
project has two main objectives. First, to develop a more quantitative  
approach to the design of spatial interaction techniques. Second, to  
apply and test this quantitative approach in the design of new spatial  
interaction techniques for mixed-reality desktop environments. The  
proposed project therefore combines research at three complementary  
levels:</div>

<div>1\. at the methodological level, by developing classifications and  
metrics that can be used in the</div>

<div>evaluation of spatial interaction techniques for desktop mixed-reality  
environments (main focus of this Ph.D. project),</div>

<div>2\. at the device level, by developing robust and effective methods for  
creating tangible interfaces, and by evaluating the effect of the  
physical shape of interaction devices on interaction efficiency and  
effectiveness,</div>

<div>3\. at the system level, by studying the usability of tangible interfaces  
that are based on both (fully) manual and semi-automated spatial  
interactions.</div>

<div>The latter two sub-projects have already been filled in.</div>

<div>Tasks</div>

<div>The QUASID project is multi-disciplinary, in the sense that both a  
technology-oriented (computer science) and a user-oriented (human  
factors) perspective are represented. More specifically, the goals of  
this Ph.D. (sub)project are threefold:</div>

<div>1\. To develop a taxonomy (i.e., a formal categorization) for spatial  
interaction techniques in desktop mixed-reality environments. The  
taxonomy will structure generic tasks, such as selection and  
positioning, as well as more composite and specific tasks, such as  
pursuit tracking and tracing.</div>

<div>2\. To develop metrics, in addition to Fitts' law (i.e., time and  
accuracy), that can be used as dependent variables to quantify  
interaction. The specific goal is to explore new perceptual and  
cognitive criteria for evaluating interaction, based on an existing  
expertise in quantifying aspects such as coordination and subjective  
judgements.</div>

<div>3\. To develop a test-bed based on the taxonomy and the developed  
metrics. The test-bed will be used to collect and document experimental  
data, including all independent variables, such as relevant system,  
user, and environment aspects, and dependent variables, such as  
efficiency, effectiveness and appreciation parameters. Experiments on a  
number of diverse systems will be conducted in order to verify the  
validity and reliability of the test-bed methods.</div>

<div>The Ph.D. student will conduct his/her research project within the  
J.F.Schouten School for User-System Interaction Research (see  
[http://fp.tm.tue.nl/jfschouten](http://fp.tm.tue.nl/jfschouten) for more information). This project is  
sponsored by NWO (Dutch National Science Foundation). The Ph.D. student  
will be required to closely co-operate with the other two Ph.D. students  
within the QUASID project.</div>

<div>Requirements</div>

<div>The candidate should have a MSc degree in one of the following areas:  
human-system interaction, computer science, electrical engineering or  
industrial design. He/she should be interested in both virtual/augmented  
reality and experimental research, and able to co-operate in a  
multidisciplinary team.</div>

<div>Appointment and Salary</div>

<div>We offer a position for a period of 4 years. PhD students will receive a  
monthly salary of 1.813,00 euro in their first year, which will rise to  
2.394 euro (gross) in the final (fourth) year. Eindhoven University of  
Technology has an excellent package of attractive benefits for  
employees, a child-care facility, and a modern sports complex.</div>

<div>Information</div>

<div>More information can be obtained from:</div>

<div>- about the position (including an extended project description):  
Prof.dr.ir. Jean-Bernard Martens, phone +31 (0)40 247 5208; e-mail:  
[j.b.o.s.martens at tue.nl](mailto:j.b.o.s.martens@tue.nl);</div>

<div>- further information: Ms. Julma Braat, personnel assistant, phone +31  
(0)40 247 5883, e-mail: [j.a.c.l.braat at tue.nl](mailto:j.a.c.l.braat@tue.nl)</div>

<div>- [http://www.nwo.nl/nwohome.nsf/pages/NWOP_6DRJG6](http://www.nwo.nl/nwohome.nsf/pages/NWOP_6DRJG6)</div>

<div>Application</div>

<div>Please send a written application, including a letter explaining your  
specific interest in the project and extensive curriculum vitae, to the  
following address, mentioning the vacancy code V51.015:</div>

<div>Technische Universiteit Eindhoven</div>

<div>Department of Industrial Design</div>

<div>Attn. Ms. J. Braat, room HG 3.92</div>

<div>P.O. Box 513</div>

<div>5600 MB Eindhoven</div>

<div>The Netherlands</div>

<div>E-mail: j.a.c.l.braat(a)tue.nl</div>

<div>Job applications can be submitted until December 23, 2005, but will be  
processed on a first-come-first-serve basis (i.e., the first suitable  
candidate will be selected).</div>

<div>http://akihiko.shirai.as/</div>