---
author: twitter-blogger
title: "\n\t\t\t\tMicrosoftからJobオファー\t\t"
slug: microsoft%e3%81%8b%e3%82%89job%e3%82%aa%e3%83%95%e3%82%a1%e3%83%bc
id: 1384
date: '2007-10-11 16:43:00'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

Microsoftからいまさらオファーがきた。MS駐在の外部エージェントだけど。  
私自身は就職決まってしまったのと、「ほかにもお知り合い居ますか？」とのこ  
となので紹介します。  
興味のある人は連絡ください。  
---

Hello Akihiko!

My name is Heidi Brown and I am a recruiter working on the International  
Recruiting Team at Microsoft here in Redmond, WA, USA. We are currently  
looking for a number of highly qualified software design, software  
design in test and program manager professionals in Central and Eastern  
Europe who might be interested in full time positions here at Microsoft,  
Redmond, specifically Windows Core and DynamiX.

Our team has identified you in our database as an applicant we would  
like talk with further because of the skills outlined in your CV/resume.

If you are interested, please send us an updated CV/resume as we would  
like to take a closer look and possibly set up an interview over the phone!

Furthermore, if you know of any other developers who you feel would be  
good candidates for Microsoft (please see information below), feel free  
to send them this email or you may send me their information and I will  
be happy to contact them! We are planning to be in Europe within the  
next few months and we are hiring for many openings we currently have  
both in Windows and other groups, including positions in European  
development centers. We welcome your referrals!

Please note, I am a contractor working at Microsoft in Redmond within  
and exclusively for the International Recruiting Team and I am not a  
representative of any staffing agency, etc. :) The jobs I recruit for  
are Full Time positions working directly for Microsoft Corp.

Thank you and I hope to hear from you very soon!

Heidi Brown

Technical Recruiter  
International Core Tech Recruiting Team  
Kelly Services at Microsoft Corporation

（コンタクト）

Kelly Services is a strategic staffing and recruiting partner of the  
Microsoft Corporation, with full corroboration of the company.. All  
communications to Kelly Services staff should be via their Microsoft  
email addresses.

Microsoft is interviewing interested and qualified candidates from all  
over the world for software development positions here in the US as well  
as other international development centers.

Who is a qualified candidate?

? Someone that has very strong abilities to write code in C/C++

? Someone that is very driven and passionate about technology, desiring  
to make software products that will be utilized all over the world

? Someone who holds a 4 year BS/BA degree or a higher graduate degree,  
or who will receive one within a year.

WHATEVER YOU DO, DO IT AT MICROSOFT !!!!!

The reason so many people from various disciplines come to Microsoft is  
because we provide the most exciting challenges in the industry. Since  
our inception in 1975, Microsoft's mission has been to create software  
for the personal computer that empowers and enriches people in the  
workplace, at school and at home. Microsoft's early vision of a computer  
on every desk and in every home is coupled today with a strong  
commitment to Internet -related technologies that expand the power and  
reach of the PC and its users. You can help shape the industry in nearly  
countless ways, all while gaining invaluable experience. Our casual  
environment lends itself to freer thinking and therefore, creative  
problem-solving. However, the coolest part of all is the diversity of  
jobs. You're guaranteed not to be bored.

We invite you to join us as we move toward our next generation of our  
products. You could create a world of change in one of these pivotal,  
Redmond , Washington USA area positions in the Microsoft product groups.  
Here is a list of the core positions we will be looking to fill.

DEVELOPMENT FULL-TIME POSITIONS

Software Design Engineer (SDE)

Writes product code and solves complex problems. Proficient in C/C++.

"You come in every morning and check up on what you've built the night  
before, see if you've broken anything, or if you've got any bugs to take  
care of. Right now I'm working on three different design features, so  
I've got maybe three status meetings a week to check in with  
everybody--the testers, the developers, the Program Managers, and  
together we figure out what we need to do. The core of my job is  
designing new features and figuring out how to get them to work. I loved  
that you could pursue an idea seriously in college and have other people  
around to talk to about it. I wanted to stay in a place like that. And  
Microsoft turned out to be that place."

Qualifications: A 4 year BA/BS or a graduate degree in computer science  
or related technical discipline. Strong coding skills, proficiency in  
C/C++, vision, and a passion for technical excellence.

Software Design Engineer in Test (SDET)

Creates tools to test and improve products. Proficient in C/C++.

So what exactly is it?

A Software Design Engineer in Test is a developer who designs, develops,  
and maintains automation systems-often expandable suites containing  
multiple automation programs-to be used by the development and test  
teams. They are responsible for utilizing innovative test technologies  
to develop a product's testing strategy, and for facilitating the  
creation and execution of automated test suites across a diverse set of  
technologies. They look at source code for potential problems using  
Microsoft internal tools. They also reproduce, debug, and isolate  
problems, and verify fixes.

Qualifications: A 4 year BA/BS or graduate degree in computer science,  
electrical engineering or related technical discipline. Strong coding  
skills, proficiency in C/C++, Visual Basic experience, and a relentless  
attention to detail.

There are multiple positions open, so please share the information with  
someone as good as you are.

We do require functional level English language skills

<div>http://akihiko.shirai.as/</div>