---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP]セカンドライフ内で学会 MC3.0\t\t"
slug: >-
  cfp%e3%82%bb%e3%82%ab%e3%83%b3%e3%83%89%e3%83%a9%e3%82%a4%e3%83%95%e5%86%85%e3%81%a7%e5%ad%a6%e4%bc%9a-mc3-0
id: 3296
date: '2007-07-17 06:44:24'
layout: post
categories:
  - CFP
tags:
  - CFP
  - SecondLife
---

エンタテイメント系の学会のCFPなのであるが、なんと開催地がSecondLife内。 渡航費安くていいんだけど、何着ていくか困るな（違うって）。 ---- MC3.0 - Call for Participation CITASA Mini-Conference MC3.0 on August 12, 2007 in SecondLife. 1) Anyone interested in participating as a presenter or discussant (see topics below) should contact one of the MC3.0 organizers by July 23, 2007. 2) Anyone may attend the MC3.0 SecondLife session that wil be held August 12, 5:00 - 8:30 pm (EDT) during the ASA meetings. There will be no central physical location for MC3.0, but there will be an opportunity for informal, face-to-face discussion during the CITASA joint reception with the section on Teaching and Learning in Sociology on August 13th (6:30-8:30 pm) in the Hilton. 3) To attend MC3.0 you should have an active SecondLife account and be familiar with the basics of SecondLife navigation and communication. Opportunities for discussion in SecondLife will follow each of the three main presentations. 4) CITASA will provide personalized SecondLife orientation assistance and telephone support July 24 through July 27 between 5 and 9 pm (EDT). To arrange a session send email to jwitte@clemson.edu PREVIOUS ANNOUNCEMENT Web 2.0 and Beyond: The Sociological Significance of Virtual Worlds Supplanting Cyberspace Event: CITASA 3rd Mini-Conference to be held in the Metaverse ¬ Second Life Date of Event: Sunday, August 12th, 2007 Time: 5:00-8:30pm EDT / 2:00¬5:30 pm PDT /SLT Location Details: The GNWC Virtual Centre for Digital Media in Second Life University Project (150, 84, 23) http://slurl.com/secondlife/University%20Project/150/84/23 For the third year in a row the Communication and Information Technology Section (CITASA) of the American Sociological Association (ASA) will hold a Mini-Conference as part of the ASA's annual meeting. This year's ASA meeting will be held in New York City, while the primary venue for CITASA's MC3.0 will be held in Second Life. (www.secondlife.com). Second Life is a 3d virtual world with nearly 8 million residents, who's lifelike avatars participate in a wide range of economic, social, educational and recreational activities. The virtual location for MC3.0 will be the Virtual Centre for Digital Media created by the Masters of Digital Media Program at Great Northern Way Campus (Vancouver, BC). The physical location of the conference will be wherever the participants find themselves-in New York and elsewhere-at the time. MC3.0 will focus on three broad areas: * Social Networking Sites (Facebook, Flickr, YouTube etc) * Videogames & Gaming (World Of Warcraft, Console games etc) * Virtual Worlds (Second Life, Active Worlds etc) Key Questions that will be addressed 1) What is the sociological significance of the Web2.0 (and beyond) mediated form of social interaction? 2) How can these forms of online interaction serve as bases for sociological research? 3) Specifically, what is the pedagogical value of the virtual world experience? See the CITASA website after July 13, 2007 for more information or join the CITASA group on Facebook. Individuals interested in presenting or serving as discussants should contact one of the MC organizers listed below. CITASA sponsored Second Life orientation sessions will be available prior to the event for those new to the virtual world. CITASA MC3.0 organizers Tracy Kennedy tkennedy a netwomen.ca Anabel Quan-Haase aquan a uwo.ca Joanna Robinson joanna a gnwc.ca Jim Witte jwitte a clemson.edu