---
author: twitter-blogger
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP] VAST Workshop on Virtual Museums\t\t"
slug: cfp-vast-workshop-on-virtual-museums
id: 1383
date: '2007-10-12 21:10:00'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

VAST 2007 Workshop: Virtual Museums - Cultural Heritage, Education,  
Entertainment

Workshop supported by INTUITION and EPOCH Networks of Excellence.

Workshop description:

Virtual Reality, Mixed Reality and Games Technologies have reached  
the level of maturity and quality that makes possible their use in  
a diversity of real life applications. Cultural heritage, education,  
and entertainment are notable examples of application domains that  
can largely benefit from the use of these technologies, especially  
when the synergy between these domains is properly exploited. Virtual  
museums offer convenient access to cultural heritage resources - both  
existing and reconstructed - at the same time enabling creation of  
highly educational and entertaining interactive experiences.

The workshop will focus on tools, techniques and case studies related  
to presentation of cultural heritage and fine art with the use of  
VR, MR and Game technologies. The addressed topics can range from  
scanning and modelling techniques for cultural and educational objects,  
through content management and scenario creation to interactive  
presentation  
of the virtual exhibitions either in local installations or remotely over  
the Internet.

General Chairs:

Mirabelle D'Cruz, University of Nottingham, UK  
Krzysztof Walczak, Poznan University of Economics, PL

Program Chairs:

Sue Cobb, University of Nottingham, UK  
Martin White, University of Sussex, UK  
Wojciech Wiza, Poznan University of Economics, PL

Program Committee:

Maria Economou, University of the Aegean, GR  
Arjan Egges, Center of Advanced Gaming and Simulation, NL  
Vitomir Jevremovic, Center for Digital Archaeology, RS  
Katerina Mania, University of Sussex, UK  
Daniel Pletinckx, Visual Dimension bvba, BE  
Maria Roussou, Makebelieve, GR  
Robert Sitnik, Warsaw University of Technology, PL  
(approval pending for additional members)

Submission Guidelines:

All contributions must be original, unpublished work. Papers should  
not exceed 8 pages (4 pages minimum). Contributions must be written  
and presented in English. Authors should follow paper preparation  
guidelines  
available at the VAST website ([www.vast2007.org](http://www.vast2007.org)). Accepted papers will be  
published in the VAST 2007 proceedings (project/short papers volume).

Papers should be submitted electronically to: wiza@kti.ae.poznan.pl

Important Dates:

Paper submission: October 22nd  
Notification of acceptance: October 26th  
Event: November 29th

--  
Akihiko Shirai, Ph.D  
Invited Researcher  
Presence & Innovation Laboratory ENSAM France  
Ingenierium 4, rue de l'Ermitage 53000 Laval.  
shirai@mail.com | [http://akihiko.shirai.as/](http://akihiko.shirai.as/)

Tel(Lab) (+33) 02 43 67 05 76 Tel(Japan) +81-(0)42-760-0477  
Mobile (+33) 06 14 56 60 22 Skype: akihiko_shirai

<div>http://akihiko.shirai.as/</div>