---
author: twitter-blogger
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP] Emerging Display Technologies Workshop 2007 / Deadline June 1st, 2007\t\t"
slug: cfp-emerging-display-technologies-workshop-2007-deadline-june-1st-2007
id: 1401
date: '2007-05-14 20:08:00'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

CfP: Emerging Display Technologies Workshop 2007  

*** CALL FOR PARTICIPATION ***  

Emerging Display Technologies Images and Beyond: The Future of Displays and Interaction  

[http://www.edt2007.org](http://www.edt2007.org/)  

San Diego, California, USA, Saturday August 4th, 2007, co-located with SIGGRAPH 2007  

The recent flurry of display technology development has produced  
families of technologies that make fixed and projected pixels cheaper,  
faster, more flexible, and of higher quality. These advances enable  
'smart pixels' and enable a number of burgeoning applications ranging  
from displays being used for better and more flexible images, to user  
interaction, scene sensing, and environment enhancement. Some example  
topics of interest include:  

* multiview, multifocal, or high dynamic range displays;  
* omnistereo projection systems;  
* ad hoc or "poor man's" projection systems;  
* ultra wide field of view HMD optics;  
* ultra fast displays;  
* head-worn or hand-held (mobile) paradigms;  
* hybrid display systems and applications;  
* displays with integrated interaction components;  
* adaptive projector display systems;  
* extended color gamut or color matching displays;  
* projector-based user/device tracking, interaction, or  
Mixed Reality reconstruction;  
* embedded pixels for Spatially-Augmented Reality; and  
* rendering techniques associated with the above.  

This one-day workshop should provide an opportunity to expand attendee  
thinking about ways to use contemporary display devices in new systems  
and applications.  

SUBMISSION DEADLINE:  

Friday, June 1st, 2007  

SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS:  

Technical Presentations  

We encourage the submission of short or long papers for corresponding  
technical presentations. The papers should describe recently completed work, work in progress, or publicly presentable ideas for unimplemented and/or unusual systems or applications. Accepted submissions will be published on a conference CD and will be archived in the ACM Digital Library.  

Submissions can be a two-page (short presentation) or four-page (long  
presentation) and need to be prepared electronically (PDF) in camera-ready form (i.e. with full author names and affiliations, no page numbers, etc.) following the SIGGRAPH Publication Guidelines for Conferences sponsored by ACM SIGGRAPH.  

Submission deadline is Friday, June 1st. Please submit your paper by email to submit at@edt2007.org.  

 <span style="text-decoration: underline;"></span> To allow includesion in the ACM Digital Library we will need a signed copy of the ACM Copyright form faxed to +1-337-735-1346 and in the mail to  

Dirk Reiners  
LITE  
537 Cajundome Boulevard  
Lafayette, LA 70506  
USA  

by the submission deadline. Papers whose form has not been received by the acceptance date will have to be rejected. <span><span>:(</span></span>  

Please include pictures and/or video with your submission if possible. Videos should be in a common format, e.g., MPEG-1, MPEG-4, XviD, or DivX. Size permitting we will include the videos on the conference CD, please make sure to indicate in the submission email whether that is acceptable for your materials.  

Submissions from commercial vendors are very welcome, as long as they are focused on technological aspects of the presented displays and avoid being a sales pitch.  

We will ask authors to commit to either personally attend the workshop to present the work, or to arrange for a suitable replacement presenter.  

Demonstrations  

Hands-on demonstrations during the workshop are also encouraged. To be  
considered for a hands-on demonstration send a separate one-page description of the demonstration (according to the abovementioned guidelines), including information on space, equipment, and power requirements. List equipment that you will bring yourself separately from equipment to be provided by the organizers.  

ACCEPTANCE NOTIFICATION  

June 8th, 2007  

CO-CHAIRS AND CONTACT INFORMATION:  

Carolina Cruz-Neira  
Louisiana Immersive Technologies Enterprise  

Dirk Reiners  
University of Louisiana at Lafayette  

Akihiko Shirai, Ph.D  
Invited Researcher  
Presence & Innovation Laboratory ENSAM France  
[http://akihiko.shirai.as/](http://akihiko.shirai.as/)

<div>http://akihiko.shirai.as/</div>