---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP]2007年下半期CFP特集(1)\t\t"
slug: cfp2007%e5%b9%b4%e4%b8%8b%e5%8d%8a%e6%9c%9fcfp%e7%89%b9%e9%9b%861
id: 3349
date: '2007-09-01 00:56:13'
layout: post
categories:
  - CFP
tags:
  - CFP
  - iDAT
---

Blogの1エントリ取あたりの文字数に達してしまったのでpart2に分けます。

[http://ameblo.jp/akihiko/entry-10045443631.html](http://ameblo.jp/akihiko/entry-10045443631.html)

■まずはiDATというアートより学会。 「クリエイティブ韓国＆インタラクティブ東京inシンガポール」という国籍不詳のイベント(…いちおう公式です)も含まれています。

4ページの書き物、ビデオ(のYoutubeなどへのリンク)を10月まで、という投稿形式になっています。

ちなみにチェアをやるAdrianは来期から慶応の新学科「メディアデザイン研究科」に就任したって知ってました？ [http://www.kmd.keio.ac.jp/profile.html](http://www.kmd.keio.ac.jp/profile.html) この学科、すごい顔ぶれです。

---- Call for Submissions iDAT

Interactive Design Art and Technology (iDAT) Web: [www.idat07.org](http://www.idat07.org/)

An event of Ars Electronica, Creative Korea, and Interactive Tokyo in Singapore Singapore Science Centre

Exhibition dates: from November 10st to December 31st 2007 (Open call submissions must be shown for at least one week, during the first week of December)

The iDAT exhibition is a unique combination of major interactive media events Ars Electronica from Austria and Interactive Tokyo from Japan. It is calling for interactive media works that merge design, art, and technology, moves beyond technology traditions, and transforms social assumptions. We are seeking interactive works in the form of installations which will be part of the exhibition at the Singapore Science Centre. The works should have a focus on interactive media systems that have an innovative technological concepts blended with excellence in art and/or design. We are also encouraging works which have harmonious parts of content and interactive technology, with a focus on human usability, and expanding the scope of media for use in human society.

Aims of iDAT *Demonstrations for emerging interactive techniques for the public *Promotion and propagation of interactive techniques *Sharing of knowledge of virtual reality, entertainment and interactive techniques *Promotion of collaboration between experts, edge researchers and industry *Out reach of interactive techniques

The type of works which we are seeking may include: *Innovative interfaces *Music and audio *Novel displays *Haptics *Sensors *Robotics *Entertainment and Gaming *Collaborative environments *Health and medicine / biotechnology *Virtual and mixed reality *Ubiquitous computing *Wearables, hand-helds *Real-time graphics and animation *Mobile technologies

It is a prerequisite that the projects have already been realized to the extent that they may be judged on the basis of documentation and must be ready for installation by December 1st 2007\.

The work entered must have been created, realized or significantly updated within the last two years. Participants may be individuals, groups, schools, institutions, companies etc. Exclusively commercially oriented activities in the sense of product advertisement or commercially available products are excluded.

Submission Details Each work is to be explained in a combination of (1) No more than 4 page demo/exhibition description (essential) (2) A video of the work (essential). *send the link to the video on a  web site in your proposal, YouTube, Google Video, etc. and not send the video by email* (3) Other supporting media or documents (optional) Deadline : October 15th 2007 Notification : November 1st 2007 Submit to : [iDAT@mixedrealitylab.org](mailto:iDAT@mixedrealitylab.org)

Since a presentation of an outstanding interactive work naturally also depends on the technical requirements for on-site realization, it is essential to include information that is as specific as possible about technical hardware and software and spatial requirements. All entries will be judged by a jury of experts. In addition to the works entered by participants, each jury may also nominate other works.

Selected works will be offered support for the travel and exhibition costs. This support may not cover the entire cost of travel and exhibition costs, depending on the nature and expense of the work.

If you have any questions, please contact: [contact@mixedrealitylab.org](mailto:contact@mixedrealitylab.org) In cooperation with ACM Chapter Singapore Creative Korea, Ministry of Culture and Tourism, Korea Interactive Tokyo Organization Committee Mixed Reality Lab Singapore Ars Electronica

------

■"Exertion Interfaces",Florence, Italyと“Evaluating User Experiences in Games”ワークショップ、というCHIらしいCFPを2件まとめて紹介します。ゲーム評価はやはりイタリアは“熱いトピック”なのでしょうか、興味深いです。

Call for papers: “Exertion Interfaces” workshop at CHI 2008, Florence, Italy

  Exertion Interfaces are interfaces that deliberately require intense physical effort. They can be expected to be physically exhausting when used for an extended period of time, and are therefore working in the opposite direction of most conventional interfaces that aim for ease of use and efficient operation. However, recent research has shown that physical, exhausting interfaces can be beneficial for fighting personal weight problems, encouraging social interaction between participants and allowing for new gaming experiences.

This one-day CHI'08 workshop builds on the successful CHI’07 workshop, which was the first forum to share information among researchers interested in the area of Exertion Interfaces. Similar to last year, we will influence and be influenced by emerging trends in this fast-paced area, but this year, the focus will be on a multidisciplinary approach to Exertion Interfaces through learning from related domains such as sport, medical science, gaming, coaching, social science, and education. This will allow us to broaden and deepen the areas of inquiry identified last year: theory, evaluation, tactics, training, skills, body expression, audiences, teams and new dimensions we identify through our Wiki until then.

One desired long-term outcome of the workshop is a co-edited book illuminating the domain from a diverse set of perspectives as well as the organization of a symposium for next year, providing a dedicated forum for researchers of Exertion Interfaces.

How to participate:

Send a position paper of 3 pages max. to [workshopCHI@exertioninterfaces.com](mailto:workshopCHI@exertioninterfaces.com) describing your research interest and your relevant work in this area. It must be prepared in the Conference Extended Abstracts Format. Selection criteria will include participants' backgrounds and interests and quality of the work described in the position papers.

Note: At least one author of accepted papers needs to register for the workshop and for one day of the conference itself.

Important Dates:

3 Oct 2007, 5:00 PM (1700) PDT: Position papers due 28 Nov 2007: Notification of acceptance. More information:

[http://exertioninterfaces.com/workshopCHI](http://exertioninterfaces.com/workshopCHI) [workshopCHI@exertioninterfaces.com](mailto:workshopCHI@exertioninterfaces.com)

Florian ‘Floyd’ Mueller Stefan Agamanolis

PS: There is also an open studio at Distance Lab with a section on Exertion Interfaces and Sports over a Distance by the organizers. If you are in the UK on Sept 12 2007, check it out or watch the webcast:

[http://distancelab.org/openstudio002](http://distancelab.org/openstudio002)

Call for Papers: “Evaluating User Experiences in Games” workshop at CHI 2008

The workshop “Evaluating User Experiences in Games” invites position papers on evaluation methods for user experience in games. Submissions are invited addressing one or more of the following questions:

What kind of evaluation concepts and methods are used in the industry, and what are their limitations?

Do today’s game evaluation concepts and methods address industry needs?

What factors of game experience are measured and have to be measured ?

How can we evaluate new forms and developments of interaction techniques in gaming – for example emotion or eye-movement as input for games, ambient displays or virtual environments as output?

Is there a common framework of methods that are appropriate to evaluate the user experience in games?

How to participate:

Submissions are expected in the form of 4 page position papers (ACM format), describing the area of research, specific work (empirical or theoretical) on the workshop topic and the innovative character of the research at hand. The position paper can be either a case study, experience report, experiment, methodological concept or a theoretical framework. Position papers will be peer-reviewed. At least one author of accepted papers needs to register for the workshop during CHI 2008 (for details on the registration see [www.chi2008.org](http://www.chi2008.org/) ).

General inquiries about the workshop and submissions can be sent to: [Regina.Bernhaupt@sbg.ac.at](mailto:Regina.Bernhaupt@sbg.ac.at) .

Important Dates:

3 Oct 2007, 5:00 PM (1700) PDT: Position papers due 28 Nov 2007: Notification of acceptance. More information:

[http://workshops.icts.sbg.ac.at/chi2008](http://workshops.icts.sbg.ac.at/chi2008) Regina Bernhaupt Wijnand IJsselsteijn Florian ‘Floyd’ Mueller Manfred Tscheligi Dennis Wixon

These workshops will be on different days, so you can attend both!

------- ■「映画におけるヒューマン・ロボットインタラクション」という珍しいテーマ。“HINOKIO”なんかど真ん中なのかも。10月締め切り。

Call For Video Submissions

====================================== Human Robot Interaction Caught On Film

======================================

The Human Robot Interaction 2008 conference will host a video session, in which movies of interesting, important, illustrative, or humorous HRI research moments will be shown. We invite videos related to all aspects of human-robot interaction. Robots and humans do not always behave as expected and the results can be entertaining and even enlightening - therefore instances of failures will also be considered. We invite all researchers in the HRI area to share their best videos that may have been taken accidentally or intentionally.

A panel of your peers will review video submissions, but will not follow a strict peer review procedure. Besides the importance of the lessons learned and the novelty of the situation, the entertainment value will be judged. The video session has the character of a design competition.

Each video must be accompanied by a 200-word abstract that describes the video. The video itself must be self-explanatory for the HRI-2008 conference audience. The use of voice-over, subtitles or introduction slides is recommended to prepare the audience for the video.

The selected videos will be published in the conference proceedings (CD-ROM) and in the ACM digital library. The authors of the selected videos should plan to attend the conference and will be given a moment to explain the video.

Submission ==========

The video material should be of the highest available quality. The video should preferably not be scaled down or compressed. The preferred video format (codec) is standard DV in either the PAL or the NTSC standard. The video container may be AVI or Quicktime. The maximum length is 3 minutes. The length of the credits at the end is limited to three seconds.

Upload the videos to the FTP server at [ftp://home.bartneck.de](ftp://home.bartneck.de/) . The login is "hri2008" and the password "Videosaregreat1". Upload them to the directory "incoming". The filename should correspond to the name of the author, such as JohnDoe.avi. Alternatively, the author can put a video on a web site and submit the video's URL to [christoph@bartneck.de](mailto:christoph@bartneck.de) .

The contact details for all authors, the abstract, the movie's title, a representative screenshot, and the filename of the submission must be submitted throught the conference submission system ([http://www.precisionconference.com/~hri](http://www.precisionconference.com/~hri) ). The screenshot should show a key scene of the movie and it should not contain text, such as in the credits or the opening title. The screenshot will be used for the edited paper.

The deadline for submission is September 10th, 2008\. The notice of acceptance will be send by December 7th, 2008\. Upon acceptance, the authors will have to submit an ACM release form. Authors' do not need to assign the copyright to ACM. In addition, the authors must have obtained permission of every relevant person in the movie for showing the video at the conference and for distributing the movie in the proceedings and in the ACM digital library. Alternatively, the people in the movie may be rendered anonymous by visual effects, such as blurring.

Submission Checklist -------------------- 1\. Weblink (URL) to [christoph@bartneck.de](mailto:christoph@bartneck.de) or ftp upload to [ftp://home.bartneck.de](ftp://home.bartneck.de/) (login "hri2008", password "Videosaregreat1"): * Movie

2\. Conference submission system ([http://www.precisionconference.com/~hri](http://www.precisionconference.com/~hri) ): * Title * Authors' details * Abstract * Screenshot

Important Dates =============== 10/09/2007 Submission 07/12/2007 Notification of acceptance 12-15/03/2008 Conference in Amsterdam

Further information =================== [http://www.bartneck.de/conference/hri2008/](http://www.bartneck.de/conference/hri2008/)

-------- ■AAMAS(autonomous agents and multi-agent systems)、ポルトガルにて2008年5月開催。締め切り2007年10月。「interaction and cross-fertilization」って「インタラクションと雑種交配」って訳していいのかな(もしくは多産化)。

Call for Papers: SPECIAL TRACK ON VIRTUAL AGENTS AT AAMAS-08

May 12-16, 2008 Estoril, Portugal

To provide an opportunity for interaction and cross-fertilization between the AAMAS community and researchers working on virtual agents, AAMAS-08 will feature a Special Track on Virtual Agents.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

- verbal and non-verbal expressiveness - models of personality, emotions and social behavior - multi-user/multi-virtual-agent interaction - advanced 3D modeling and animation technologies - applications, experience reports and user studies

Papers for this will be reviewed by specially recruited reviewers within the sub-community.

Special Track Chair: Elisabeth Andre, University of Augsburg, Germany

Senior Programme Committee:

Ruth  Aylett, Heriot-Watt University, UK Marc Cavazza, University of Teeside, UK Stacy   Marsella,  Univ. of Southern California - ISI, USA Ana  Paiva, INESC-ID & Instituto Superior Tecnico, Portugal Catherine Pelachaud, Universite de Paris 8, France Helmut  Prendinger,  National Institute of Informatics, Japan Katia Sycara, CMU, USA Daniel  Thalmann,  EPFL, Switzerland R. Michael Young, North Carolina State University, USA

Key Dates:

Tuesday, October 23, 2007:       Electronic abstract due Friday, October 26, 2007:        Full electronic paper submissions due November 27 - 28, 2007:          Author feedback opportunity Wednesday, December 19, 2007:    Accept/reject notifications

Information on the Special Track will be regularly updated on the AAMAS main pages: [http://gaips.inesc-id.pt/aamas2008/index.html](http://gaips.inesc-id.pt/aamas2008/index.html)

------ ■「ヒューマンコンピュータインタラクションからメディア体験：方法論的暗示」と訳すか「方法論的実装」と訳すか。

WORKSHOP: From HCI to Media Experience: Methodological Implications CALL FOR PARTICIPATION

WORKSHOP: From HCI to Media Experience: Methodological Implications

DATE: Tuesday, 4th September 2007 WORKSHOP WEB SITE: [http://hcid.informatics.indiana.edu/experience/](http://hcid.informatics.indiana.edu/experience/) CONFERENCE: HCI 2007 Lancaster, UK CONFERENCE WEB SITE: [http://www.bcs-hci.org.uk/hci2007/](http://www.bcs-hci.org.uk/hci2007/)

WORKSHOP OVERVIEW The landscape of interactive technology design and evaluation is expanding. In the past, usability and task efficiency were the main focus for research in human computer interaction; evaluation methods worked from single user data over constrained tasks. This kind of work remains central to our discipline.   However, these methods were never intended to inform or underpin the design and evaluation of media-rich, social technologies. They are not aimed at designing for quintessentially elusive concepts like ³experience² and ³engagement². Especially when that experience is not individual, but social, where data and performance are spread across many people, platforms and devices, and many settings, and where the lab test cannot shed light on ways that experience unfolds over time.   In this workshop we invite discussion of approaches and methods aimed at the design and measurement of interactive, social media experience. The workshop will center on approaches methods that are used in the design of short-term engagement and experience, but also those that are aimed at consideration of engagement and experience over longer durations - from watching a 3-minute, socially tagged video online, to massively multiplayer games like World of Warcraft that take months to unfold, to plug-ins for social networking sites like Facebook, to social simulations like Second Life, to social and community media-archiving projects. What do these emerging experiences tell us about the methods we currently use, and the methods we need to develop?

WHO SHOULD ATTEND For this workshop, we invite contributions from a diverse range of disciplines, including HCI, design, cultural studies, cognitive science, psychology, film and media studies, game studies, and anthropology, among others, to explore how interactions with technology become experiences, and in particular, social and/or intimate experiences.   Participants are to explore questions such as the following:   * What is an experience?   * What are the ways in which qualitative and quantitative measures can weave together?   * How can we operationalize critical categories into nuanced yet verifiable scientific methods?   * How do we make sense of data that are gathered into meaningful reflections of people's experience?   * What skills are needed for "experience design"?

The workshop will be a full-day event and will be open to a maximum of 15 participants. Please note that registration to the HCI2007 conference is required, at least for the day of the workshop. For details about conference registration, please visit [http://www.bcs-hci.org.uk/hci2007](http://www.bcs-hci.org.uk/hci2007) <[http://www.bcs-hci.org.uk/hci2007](http://www.bcs-hci.org.uk/hci2007) >

WORKSHOP FORMAT This is a full-day workshop. The morning session will consist of short presentations and discussion of participants' position papers ­ where participants will be asked to raise questions that are central to their current work in designing and evaluating experiences. Participants will be encouraged to bring examples of their work, or of others¹ work that has either eluded analysis from traditional methods, or has inspired the development of new methods of design and analysis that more effectively reflect people¹s experiences. We encourage participants to think broadly, from games to fairground rides to immersive learning contexts to psychotherapeutic environments ­ any experiences that can inform approaches that lead to deeper understanding of online and embodied media experience.

In the afternoon session, participants will break into small groups depending on their main interest and discuss topics. At the end of the workshop, the small groups will report back, which will form the basis for a plenary discussion.

DATES ----- 25 July 07 - position paper deadline 02 Aug 07 - notification of acceptance 05 Aug 07 - early bird registration deadline conference 25 Aug 07 - presentation slides deadline 04 Sept 07 - workshop

ORGANIZERS Elizabeth Churchill (Yahoo! Research) Jeffrey Bardzell (Indiana University School of Informatics)

SUBMISSIONS 4-page position papers should be submitted to Elizabeth Churchill ([elizabeth.churchill@yahoo-inc.com](mailto:elizabeth.churchill@yahoo-inc.com) ) by July 25th, 2007\. Please mark the subject header ³HCI 2007 Workshop Submission². For the position paper, please use the Word Template that can be found on the workshop website: [http://disc.brunel.ac.uk/HCI2007elearningworkshop/](http://disc.brunel.ac.uk/HCI2007elearningworkshop/)

Acceptance notifications will be sent by August 2nd, 2007, in time for the early bird registration for the conference.

----- ■「インタラクションとゲームのための脳コンピュータインタフェース」

BRAIN-COMPUTER INTERFACES FOR HCI AND GAMES

[http://hmi.ewi.utwente.nl/chi2008/](http://hmi.ewi.utwente.nl/chi2008/)

One-day Workshop at CHI 2008

[http://www.chi2008.org/](http://www.chi2008.org/)

Florence, Italy, April 5, 2008

Organizers

Anton Nijholt, University of Twente, Enschede, the Netherlands

Desney Tan, Microsoft Research, Redmond, WA, USA

Brendan Allison, IAT, University of Bremen, Germany

José del R. Millán, IDIAP, Martigny, Switzerland

Bernhard Graimann, IAT, University of Bremen, Germany

Melody Moore Jackson, Georgia Tech, Atlanta, GA.

CALL FOR POSITION PAPERS

Advances in cognitive neuroscience and brain imaging technologies provide us with the increasing ability to interface directly with activity in the brain. Researchers have begun to use these technologies to build brain-computer interfaces, in which patients with severe motor disabilities can communicate and control devices with thought alone. Although removing the need for motor movements in computer interfaces is challenging and rewarding, we believe that the full potential of brain sensing technologies as an input mechanism lies in the extremely rich information it could provide about the state of the user. Having access to this state information is valuable to human-computer interaction (HCI) researchers and opens up at least three distinct areas of research: controlling computers with thought alone, evaluating systems and interfaces, and building adaptive user interfaces. Although this is not the focus of this workshop, we will consider accepting a small number of position papers proposing methods of using techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) to send information directly to the brain.

Specifically, this workshop aims to identify and discuss:

* brain-computer interface applications for users with permanent and situational physical disabilities, as well as for able-bodied users. This includes application in domains such as traditional communication and productivity tasks, as well as games and entertainment computing;

* sensing technologies and data processing techniques that apply well to the suite of applications in which HCI researchers are interested;

* techniques for integrating brain activity, whether induced by thought or by performing a task, in the palette of input modalities for (multimodal) human-computer interaction;

* interesting problems that need more work, especially in areas that are unique to HCI applications

We encourage participation from a wide range of disciplines including Neuroscience, Cognitive Psychology, Human-Computer Interaction, Affective Computing, and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning. The workshop will be limited to 18 participants. Please submit a 2-4-page position paper outlining your interest in this topic to [anijholt@cs.utwente.nl](mailto:anijholt@cs.utwente.nl) . Position papers must be received by 3 October, 2007\. Participants will be notified of selection by 28 November 2007\. The workshop date is 5 April 2008\. CHI workshops are only open to people who have had their position paper accepted by the workshop organizers, and who have registered for the workshop and at least one day of the conference itself.

------ part2 に続きます。

 [http://<wbr>ameblo<wbr>.jp/ak<wbr>ihiko/<wbr>entry-<wbr>100454<wbr>43631.<wbr>html](http://ameblo.jp/akihiko/entry-10045443631.html)