---
author: twitter-blogger
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP] WORLDCOMP'07, The 2007 World Congress in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, and Applied Computing.\t\t"
slug: >-
  cfp-worldcomp07-the-2007-world-congress-in-computer-science-computer-engineering-and-applied-computing
id: 1408
date: '2007-02-13 01:00:00'
layout: post
categories:
  - 未分類
---

<div>Last Call For Papers</div>

<div>The 2007 World Congress in Computer Science,  
Computer Engineering, and Applied Computing  
WORLDCOMP'07  
Date and Location: June 25-28, 2007, Las Vegas, USA</div>

<div>Academic Sponsors: Research Labs at  
MIT, Harvard, Purdue, Univ. of Texas at Austin, ...</div>

<div>Paper Submission Deadline: February 20, 2007  
url: [http://www.worldacademyofscience.org/worldcomp07](http://www.worldacademyofscience.org/worldcomp07)</div>

<div>  
You are invited to submit a full paper for consideration.  
All accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings.</div>

<div>The 2007 World Congress in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,  
and Applied Computing (WORLDCOMP'07) is composed of the following  
research and technical tracks (all will be held simultaneously,  
same location and dates: June 25-28, 2007, USA):</div>

<div>o Parallel and Distributed Processing Techniques and Applications  
(PDPTA'07)  
o Grid Computing and Applications (GCA'07)  
o Computer Design (CDES'07)  
o Scientific Computing (CSC'07)  
o Artificial Intelligence (ICAI'07)  
o Genetic and Evolutionary Methods (GEM'07)  
o Machine Learning; Models, Technologies and Applications  
(MLMTA'07)  
o Bioinformatics and Computational Biology (BIOCOMP'07)  
o Software Engineering Research and Practice (SERP'07)  
o Wireless Networks (ICWN'07)  
o Image Processing, Computer Vision, and Pattern Recognition  
(IPCV'07)  
o Modeling, Simulation and Visualization Methods (MSV'07)  
o Computer Graphics and Virtual Reality (CGVR'07)  
o Multimedia Systems and Applications (MSA'07)  
o Internet Computing (ICOMP'07)  
o Semantic Web and Web Services (SWWS'07)  
o Security and Management (SAM'07)  
o Data Mining (DMIN'07)  
o Information and Knowledge Engineering (IKE'07)  
o e-Learning, e-Business, Enterprise Information Systems, and  
e-Government (EEE'07)  
o Embedded Systems and Applications (ESA'07)  
o Frontiers in Education: Computer Science and Computer Engineering  
(FECS'07)  
o Foundations of Computer Science (FCS'07)  
o Engineering of Reconfigurable Systems and Algorithms (ERSA'07)  
o Communications in Computing (CIC'7)</div>

<div>(a link to each of the above can be found at  
[http://www.worldacademyofscience.org/worldcomp07/ws](http://www.worldacademyofscience.org/worldcomp07/ws) )</div>

<div>Submission of Papers:</div>

<div>Prospective authors are invited to submit their full paper  
(about 5 to 8 pages - single space, font size of 10 to 12) to  
H. R. Arabnia by Feb. 20, 2007 (hra at cs.uga.edu). E-mail submissions  
in MS Doc or PDF formats are preferable (postal mail submissions  
are also fine.) All reasonable typesetting formats are acceptable  
(later, the authors of accepted papers will be asked to follow a  
particular typesetting format to prepare their papers for publication.)</div>

<div>The length of the Camera-Ready papers (if accepted) will be limited to  
7 (IEEE style) pages. Papers must not have been previously published  
or currently submitted for publication elsewhere. The first page of  
the draft paper should include: title of the paper, name, affiliation,  
postal address, email address, and telephone number for each author.  
The first page should also identify the name of the author who will  
be presenting the paper (if accepted) and a maximum of 5 topical  
keywords that would best represent the content of the paper. Finally,  
the name of the conference/track that the paper is being submitted to  
must be stated on the first page.</div>

<div>Each paper will be refereed by two experts in the field who are  
independent of the conference program committee. The referees'  
evaluations will then be reviewed by two members of the program  
committee who will recommend a decision to the chair of the track that  
the paper has been submitted to. The track chair will make the final  
decision. Lastly, the Camera-Ready papers will be reviewed by one  
member of the program committee.</div>

<div>Members of Program and Organizing Committees:</div>

<div>The Program Committee includes members of chapters of World Academy  
of Science (chapters: supercomputing; scientific computing; artificial  
intelligence; imaging science; databases; simulation; software  
engineering; embedded systems; internet and web technologies;  
communications; computer security; and bioinformatics.) Many members  
of the program committee for individual conferences include renowned  
leaders, scholars, researchers, scientists and practitioners of the  
highest ranks; many are directors of large research laboratories,  
IEEE Fellows, heads/chairs of departments, deans and provosts.  
Each committee also includes two Student Members (in their final stages  
of their PhD programs) who are identified as such. Refer to the  
conference web sites for the list of members of program committee.</div>

<div>Co-Sponsors (a partial list):</div>

<div>Academic Co-Sponsors of WORLDCOMP'07 include:  
- Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Media Laboratory,  
MIT (Cambridge, Massachusetts)  
- Statistical Genomics and Computational Biology Laboratory,  
Department of Statistics, Harvard University (Cambridge,  
Massachusetts)  
- Texas Advanced Computing Center, The University of Texas at  
Austin (Austin, Texas)  
- Statistical and Computational Intelligence Laboratory of  
Purdue University (West Lafayette, Indiana)  
- University of Iowa's Medical Imaging HPC Lab (Iowa City, Iowa)  
- Institute for Informatics Problems of the Russian Academy of  
Sciences, Moscow, Russia);  
Other Co-sponsors include:  
- HPCwire  
- GRIDtoday  
- STEM Education Society  
- HPCSoft, HPC Software Inc.  
- International Technology Institute  
- H2cM - Hodges' Health, UK</div>

<div>Purpose / History:</div>

<div>This set of joint conferences is the largest annual gathering of  
researchers in computer science, computer engineering and applied  
computing. Many of the 25 joint conferences in WORLDCOMP are the  
premier conferences for presentation of advances in their respective  
fields. We anticipate to have 2000 or more attendees from over 75  
countries participating in the 2007 event.</div>

<div>The motivation is to assemble a spectrum of affiliated research  
conferences into a coordinated research meeting held in a common  
place at a common time. The main goal is to provide a forum for  
exchange of ideas in a number of research areas that interact. The  
model used to form these annual conferences facilitates communication  
among researchers from all over the world in different fields of  
computer science, computer engineering and applied computing. Both  
inward research (core areas of computer science and engineering) and  
outward research (multi-disciplinary, inter-disciplinary, and  
applications) will be covered during the conferences.</div>

<div>Important Dates:</div>

<div>Feb. 20, 2007: Submission of full papers (about 5 to 8 pages)  
March 20, 2007: Notification of acceptance  
April 20, 2007: Camera-Ready papers and Registration due  
June 25-28, 2007: The 2007 World Congress in Computer Science,  
Computer Engineering, and Applied Computing  
(WORLDCOMP'07)  

</div>

----  

Akihiko Shirai, Ph.D  
Invited Researcher  
Presence & Innovation Laboratory ENSAM France  
[http://akihiko.shirai.as/](http://akihiko.shirai.as/)

<div>http://akihiko.shirai.as/</div>