---
author: twitter-blogger
title: "\n\t\t\t\t[CFP]CITASA Mini-Conference MC3.0 on August 12, 2007 in SecondLife.\t\t"
slug: cfpcitasa-mini-conference-mc3-0-on-august-12-2007-in-secondlife
id: 1389
date: '2007-07-17 06:46:00'
layout: post
categories:
  - CFP
tags:
  - Second Life
---

エンタテイメント系の学会のCFPなのであるが、なんと開催地がSecondLife内。  
渡航費安くていいんだけど、何着ていくか困るな（違うって）。  

This is a CFP of an entertainment academic conference.  
However it will be held in SecondLife!  
It sound good price for voyage but it may difficult to decide which clothes I can wear to here :-p  

----  
MC3.0 - Call for Participation  

CITASA Mini-Conference MC3.0 on August 12, 2007 in SecondLife.  

1) Anyone interested in participating as a presenter or discussant (seetopics below) should contact one of the MC3.0 organizers by July 23, 2007.  

2) Anyone may attend the MC3.0 SecondLife session that wil be held August12, 5:00 - 8:30 pm (EDT) during the ASA meetings. There will be nocentral physical location for MC3.0, but there will be an opportunity forinformal, face-to-face discussion during the CITASA joint reception withthe section on Teaching and Learning in Sociology on August 13th(6:30-8:30 pm) in the Hilton.  

3) To attend MC3.0 you should have an active SecondLife account and befamiliar with the basics of SecondLife navigation and communication. Opportunities for discussion in SecondLife will follow each of the threemain presentations.  

4) CITASA will provide personalized SecondLife orientation assistance andtelephone support July 24 through July 27 between 5 and 9 pm (EDT). Toarrange a session send email to [jwitte@clemson.edu](mailto:jwitte@clemson.edu)  

PREVIOUS ANNOUNCEMENT  

Web 2.0 and Beyond:The Sociological Significance of Virtual Worlds Supplanting Cyberspace  

Event: CITASA 3rd Mini-Conference to be held in the Metaverse ¬ Second LifeDate of Event: Sunday, August 12th, 2007Time: 5:00-8:30pm EDT / 2:00¬5:30 pm PDT /SLTLocation Details: The GNWC Virtual Centre for Digital Media in Second LifeUniversity Project (150, 84, 23)[http://slurl.com/secondlife/University%20Project/150/84/23](http://slurl.com/secondlife/University%20Project/150/84/23)  

For the third year in a row the Communication and Information TechnologySection (CITASA) of the American Sociological Association (ASA) will hold a Mini-Conference as part of the ASA's annual meeting. This year's ASAmeeting will be held in New York City, while the primary venue forCITASA's MC3.0 will be held in Second Life. ([www.secondlife.com](http://www.secondlife.com/)). SecondLife is a 3d virtual world with nearly 8 million residents, who's lifelikeavatars participate in a wide range of economic, social, educational andrecreational activities. The virtual location for MC3.0 will be theVirtual Centre for Digital Media created by the Masters of Digital MediaProgram at Great Northern Way Campus (Vancouver, BC). The physicallocation of the conference will be wherever the participants findthemselves-in New York and elsewhere-at the time.  

MC3.0 will focus on three broad areas:* Social Networking Sites (Facebook, Flickr, YouTube etc)* Videogames & Gaming (World Of Warcraft, Console games etc)* Virtual Worlds (Second Life, Active Worlds etc)  

Key Questions that will be addressed 1) What is the sociologicalsignificance of the Web2.0 (and beyond) mediated form of socialinteraction? 2) How can these forms of online interaction serve as basesfor sociological research? 3) Specifically, what is the pedagogical valueof the virtual world experience?  

See the CITASA website after July 13, 2007 for more information or jointhe CITASA group on Facebook. Individuals interested in presenting orserving as discussants should contact one of the MC organizers listedbelow. CITASA sponsored Second Life orientation sessions will be availableprior to the event for those new to the virtual world.  

CITASA MC3.0 organizers Tracy Kennedy [tkennedy a netwomen.ca](mailto:tkennedy@netwomen.ca) Anabel Quan-Haase [aquan a uwo.ca](mailto:aquan@uwo.ca) Joanna Robinson [joanna a gnwc.ca](mailto:joanna@gnwc.ca) Jim Witte [jwitte a clemson.edu](mailto:jwitte@clemson.edu)  

Akihiko Shirai, Ph.D  
Invited Researcher  
Presence & Innovation Laboratory ENSAM France  
[http://akihiko.shirai.as/](http://akihiko.shirai.as/)

<div>http://akihiko.shirai.as/</div>