---
author: ameblo
title: "\n\t\t\t\tゲーム研究関係CFPふたつ\t\t"
slug: >-
  %e3%82%b2%e3%83%bc%e3%83%a0%e7%a0%94%e7%a9%b6%e9%96%a2%e4%bf%82cfp%e3%81%b5%e3%81%9f%e3%81%a4
id: 3943
date: '2011-01-19 13:20:51'
layout: post
categories:
  - 携帯雑稿
tags:
  - Twitter
---

私がプログラム委員会で参加しているICEC2011（カナダ・バンクーバー開催）。 http://www.icec2011.org/ Papers should be prepared in the Springer LNCS format and will be published in the ACM Digital Library. Authors of the top ten selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions of their submissions to the Entertainment Computing journal. →Springerの書籍として出版され、ACMのデジタルライブラリで公開されます。 上位10編はACMのエンターテイメントコンピューティングの論文誌への収録も予定。 SUBMISSION DEADLINE -- April 15, 2011, for all categories. SUBMISSION TYPES -- Full Technical Papers with a maximum length of 12 pages -- Short Technical Papers with a maximum length of 6 pages -- Poster Papers with a maximum length of 4 pages -- Demonstration Papers with a maximum length of 4 pages -- Tutorial/Workshop submissions with a maximum length of 4 pages それから以下、コンピュータ—ヒューマンインタフェースにおける世界最大の学会CHI（SIGGRAPHのCHI版と思えばよい）の ワークショップで面白いものがありますので紹介します。 CHI 2011 Workshop Gamification Extended deadline Jan 28 ラブプレスのようにゲーム技術のAIやエクササイズへの応用、というのはぴったりかもしれませんね。 締め切りは1月28日です。 以下引用。 Extended Call For Participation CHI 2011 Workshop Gamification: Using Game Design Elements in Non-Gaming Contexts http://bit.ly/grn-chi2011 =============================================================== "Gamification" is an informal umbrella term for the use of video game elements in non-game systems to improve user experience (UX) and user engagement. The recent introduction of ‘gamified’ applications such as Foursquare to large end-user audiences promises new lines of inquiry and rich data sources for the many endeavors in human-computer interaction (HCI) that have explored game-related heuristics, design patterns and dynamics of motivating, positive user experiences - endeavors as various as persuasive technology, funology, incentive centered design, the social psychology of online communities, motivational affordances, or game UX. The goal of this one-day workshop at CHI 2011 is to bring together HCI researchers and practitioners from these diverse fields to take the next step forward by building a shared picture of the current state of approaches and findings pertinent to gamification, and to identify synergies, key opportunities and questions for future research. ===Submission details=== We invite researchers from all theoretical and methodological backgrounds to submit a 2-4 page position paper in the CHI extended abstracts format on ongoing empirical work, (potentially summative) accounts of existing approaches and findings, or work that might otherwise elucidate the user experience, psychology, social dynamics and design of information systems employing game elements via e-mail to chi2011 (at) gamification-research.org. Note that at least one author of each accepted paper needs to register for the workshop and for one or more days of the conference. ===Organizing Committee=== * Sebastian Deterding, Hamburg University, Germany * Dan Dixon, University of the West of England, UK * Lennart Nacke, University of Saskatchewan, Canada * Kenton O’Hara, Microsoft Research Cambridge, USA * Miguel Sicart, IT University of Copenhagen, Denmark ===Schedule=== * Submission deadline: January 28, 2011 * Notification of acceptance: February 25, 2011 * Workshop: May 7, 2011 ===Links=== * CFP: http://bit.ly/grn-chi2011 * Further information: http://gamification-research.org/chi2011 * Updates: http://twitter.com/gamifyresearch